c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\obj\Debug\ApplicationTracker.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\ApplicationTracker.dll
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\ApplicationTracker.pdb
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\AWSSDK.Core.dll
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\AWSSDK.DynamoDBv2.dll
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\AWSSDK.EC2.dll
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\AWSSDK.IdentityManagement.dll
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\AWSSDK.S3.dll
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\Kendo.Mvc.dll
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\AWSSDK.Core.pdb
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\AWSSDK.Core.xml
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\AWSSDK.DynamoDBv2.pdb
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\AWSSDK.DynamoDBv2.xml
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\AWSSDK.EC2.pdb
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\AWSSDK.EC2.xml
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\AWSSDK.IdentityManagement.pdb
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\AWSSDK.IdentityManagement.xml
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\AWSSDK.S3.pdb
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\AWSSDK.S3.xml
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\Kendo.Mvc.xml
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\bg-BG\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\cs-CZ\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\da-DK\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\de-DE\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\es-ES\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\fr-CA\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\fr-FR\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\he-IL\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\it-IT\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\nl-NL\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\pl-PL\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\pt-BR\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\pt-PT\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\ro-RO\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\ru-RU\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\sk-SK\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\sv-SE\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\tr-TR\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\uk-UA\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\bin\zh-CN\Kendo.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\obj\Debug\ApplicationTracker.dll
c:\users\vgaddam\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ApplicationTracker\ApplicationTracker\obj\Debug\ApplicationTracker.pdb
